README.md, before:

## Objectives

- Employ basic JavaScript syntax accurately.
- Implement control flow structures such as conditionals and loops effectively.
- Use arrays and objects to organize and manage data.
- Develop functions to create reusable code.
- Utilize loops and iteration to navigate through data collections.
- Implement error handling to manage potential code failures gracefully.

## Rubric Checklist
- Declare variables properly using `let` and `const` where appropriate.✔
- Use operators to perform calculations on variable and literals✔
- Use string, numbers, boolean values cached within variables✔
- Use at least 2 if/else statements to control program flow. Optionally, use at least 1 switch statement✔
- Use try/catch statements to manage potential errors in the code, such as incorrectly formatted or typed data being fed into your program.✔
- Utilize at least two different types of loops.✔
- Utilize at least one loop control keyword such as break or continue.✔
- Create and/or manipulate arrays and objects.✔
- Demonstrate the retrieval, manipulation, and removal of items in an array or properties in an object.✔
- Use functions to handle repeated tasks.✔
- Program outputs processed data as described above. Partial credit will be earned depending on the level of adherence to the described behavior.✔
- Ensure that the program runs without errors (comment out things that do not work, and explain your blockers - you can still receive partial credit).✔
- Commit frequently to the git repository.✔
- Include a README file that contains a description of your application. ✔

## Desired Output
Within an array should be these objects
    {
      id: 125, // ID of learner
      avg: 0.985, // (47 + 150) / (50 + 150)
      1: 0.94, // 47 / 50
      2: 1.0 // 150 / 150
    },
    {
      id: 132,
      avg: 0.82, // (39 + 125) / (50 + 150)
      1: 0.78, // 39 / 50
      2: 0.833 // late: (140 - 15) / 150
    }

Commit message:

final FINAL commit. I liedgit add .! This is the actual final commit. Answered reflection questions.

README.md, after:

## Objectives

- Employ basic JavaScript syntax accurately.
- Implement control flow structures such as conditionals and loops effectively.
- Use arrays and objects to organize and manage data.
- Develop functions to create reusable code.
- Utilize loops and iteration to navigate through data collections.
- Implement error handling to manage potential code failures gracefully.

## Rubric Checklist
- Declare variables properly using `let` and `const` where appropriate.✔
- Use operators to perform calculations on variable and literals✔
- Use string, numbers, boolean values cached within variables✔
- Use at least 2 if/else statements to control program flow. Optionally, use at least 1 switch statement✔
- Use try/catch statements to manage potential errors in the code, such as incorrectly formatted or typed data being fed into your program.✔
- Utilize at least two different types of loops.✔
- Utilize at least one loop control keyword such as break or continue.✔
- Create and/or manipulate arrays and objects.✔
- Demonstrate the retrieval, manipulation, and removal of items in an array or properties in an object.✔
- Use functions to handle repeated tasks.✔
- Program outputs processed data as described above. Partial credit will be earned depending on the level of adherence to the described behavior.✔
- Ensure that the program runs without errors (comment out things that do not work, and explain your blockers - you can still receive partial credit).✔
- Commit frequently to the git repository.✔
- Include a README file that contains a description of your application. ✔


## Reflection

- What could you have done differently during the planning stages of your project to make the execution easier?
  - I think I tend to have analysis/decision paralysis, where a lot of information can be overwhelming which causes me to freeze up and struggle to make a decision on what to do or where to start. I want to keep improving in the breakdown of a big task into smaller tasks and the systematic approach towards problems. I believe that will come with time and expereience.

- Were there any requirements that were difficult to implement? What do you think would make them easier to implement in future projects?
  - I feel my use of for loops could improve. Not that they are super difficult to use but I tend to stick to for of and for loops. I need to continue attempting other for loop methods so my understanding of their use cases continues to grow.

- What would you add to, or change about your application if given more time?
  - Maybe an extra credit sort of system? Sort of like a small percentage boost to your score if a certain assignment was submitted.

- Use this space to make notes for your future self about anything that you think is important to remember about this process or that may aid you when attempting something similar again:
  - Again I want to reiterate that I need to keep strengthening my planning process. Don't let a big problem overwhelm me and to continue to dissect and breakdown an issue into small doable steps. I'd like to read/watch how other developers process issues and problems.
